Like I said, this only works for
synchronous errors.
What happens if we have
an asynchronous error?
What does express catch that?
I don't know.
Let's figure it out.
Let's make something asynchronous.
So I'm going to do a, what's the quickest
asynchronous thing I can do?
I guess I'll just do like a set timeout or
something, I guess.
So I'll just say setTimeout for
like, one millisecond,
and then I'll just say throw new error.
So let's see what happens if
we if we try to run this.
I don't actually know if it's gonna catch
that set timeout or not, let's see.
Well, we definitely didn't get
back what we got last time.
So that's for sure.
Look, our server crashed.
So Express doesn't know how to handle
asynchronous errors because it can't.
That's just how JavaScript works.
Asynchronous things are happening, like
in the future in a different call stack.
Express has already bottomed out, that
execution call stack has already happened.
And there were no errors in
that execution call stack.
And then one millisecond later our set
timeout happened and an error was thrown.
But by then, Express had that
stack had already vanished, so
there was nothing there.
In order to trigger your error handler for
asynchronous stuff,
you have to handle it yourself.
There's no way around it.
You have to be diligent about like,
there's gonna be potential error here for
this asynchronous code.
And then you can tell Express
that an error happened.
And then you can tap into your middleware.
So let's try that,
what do I mean by telling Express?
Well if I knew there was
gonna be an error here,
what I can do instead of throwing it,
I could introduce next into a handler.
I know before I said
handlers don't use next.
I lied, they do,
only when they have to pass an error.
That is it,
because before you had an error handler,
nothing was next after a handler,
it was the final destination of a route.
Nothing came after a handler.
Well, error handlers come after
handlers now, so you can call next.
And the trick is, if you pass anything
to next, it treats it like an error.
Doesn't matter what you pass in there,
it's gonna be an error.
So I'm going to put an error in there.
Okay, now, this is going to tell
Express that I have an error which
will then allow it to be accessed here.
Okay, so let's try that.
Aha, we're back in business, all right.
So you just got to be a little more
diligent with asynchronous code.
And as you know,
we have a ton of asynchronous code.
[LAUGH] So imagine all the places in
which you have to think about an error
happening, and then how to report that.
It can get very tedious.
So I guess we're calling
that error hello in that and
then in our middle word there,
if we were to use a template literal,
would we be able to show
that error in English?
>> Yeah, you could do that.
You could just be like had an error and
you could say err.essage.
Or error.to string they
both do the same but.